We have a features section with UI cards (one example is the “Contrôlez chaque clause critique” block).
The current design is misaligned, cramped, and does not look professional.
Follow these instructions to fix the section so that the cards are evenly spaced, perfectly aligned, and fully responsive.

1) Install design tooling for clean spacing/typography

Install Tailwind CSS in the React project:

npm i -D tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer
npx tailwindcss init -p
npm i clsx tailwind-merge
npm i @fontsource-variable/inter


Configure Tailwind for consistent container widths and typography.

2) Layout requirements

The features section should be inside a centered container (max-width: 1200px or Tailwind max-w-7xl, with horizontal padding).

Use a responsive grid for the feature items:

Mobile: 1 column

Tablet: 2 columns

Desktop: 3 columns

Each UI card should have the same width, height, and padding so they visually align.

Minimum gap between cards: 2rem (gap-8 in Tailwind).

3) Card design requirements

Card background: white, subtle shadow, rounded corners (rounded-2xl), light border or ring.

Padding inside card: p-6 mobile, p-8 desktop.

Internal content (image + text) must be vertically spaced using consistent Tailwind margins (space-y-4 or space-y-6).

Keep max text width inside card at 68ch for readability.

Maintain equal vertical rhythm: consistent top/bottom spacing.

4) UI card image handling

Our Figma export is 4320×3006 at 3× scale.
Convert it into three WebP sizes:

1440px wide → @1x

2880px wide → @2x

4320px wide → @3x

Place in public/assets/ and load with srcSet so the browser picks the right one.

Wrap the image in a container with the same aspect ratio (aspect-[4320/3006]) so there’s no layout shift.

Use object-cover or object-contain depending on design.

5) Typography

Use "Inter Variable" as the base font.

Headings: font-semibold, leading-tight, sized according to breakpoints.

Body text: text-base mobile, text-lg desktop, leading-relaxed.

Accent color for keywords: #FF6A00 (Tailwind custom color brand-500).

6) Section spacing

Padding: py-16 mobile, py-24 desktop for the whole section.

Add enough space between the section title and the grid of cards (mb-12 desktop).

Align text block widths so they match card widths for visual balance.

7) Final checks

Cards align perfectly in all breakpoints.

Equal gutter space between cards.

No text runs too wide or too close to the card edge.

Images load responsively without blur or stretching.

Lighthouse score for CLS is zero (no layout shift).

Deliverable:
A features section where all cards are perfectly aligned, evenly spaced, readable, and look professional on all devices, with optimized images and consistent typography.